feat(curriculum): add Block 12 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#59112)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-express-concerns/67cb0202feb48313372cbcfa.md

---
id: 67cb0202feb48313372cbcfa
title: Task 138
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-138
---

<!-- (Audio) Bob: It might help reduce stress and avoid misunderstandings. -->

<!-- SPEAKING -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

How could Maria tell Bob she will do what he asks?

## --answers--

`Sure. I can do that.`

---

`Let me think about it.`

### --feedback--

This response does not confirm that Maria will do what Bob asks.  

## --video-solution--

1  

# --explanation--

`I can do that.` in this context does not express **possibility** but rather **willingness or agreement** to complete the task. You can use it to confirm that you will do what another person asks. For example:

> - **Person A:** `Could you send the report by tomorrow?` - Person A is asking for a report to be handed in on the following day.
> 
> - **Person B:** `Sure. I can do that.` - This means the speaker agrees to do it, not just that they are capable of doing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Person 1: `Could you send the report by tomorrow?` - This person is asking for a report to be handed in on the following day.

- Person 2: `Sure. I can do that.` - This means the speaker agrees to do it, not just that they are capable of doing it.
```
